Given the serious misunderstandings with Reviewer_3, we apologize to Reviewer_1 and Reviewer_2 for devoting more space to answering him.

REVIEWER_1

1) Proofs omitted for lack of space will be put in a research report cited in the final version.
For example, Postulate 1 is verified by replacing number of counterexample = 0 in (13), etc.

2) Postulate 2 holds because, if number of counterexamples > 0, possibility < 1; therefore, necessity = 0 by definition.
For Postulate 4, either necessity = 0 or monotonicity is easily proved.

3) We agree, but one has to somehow move forward. While not perfect, as stated in the paper, Equation 17 is the "least worse" solution we could find to date. We are willing to take any advice to improve it!

REVIEWER_2

Thanks for detailed comments and constructive criticism, which will help us improve our work.
Here are a few answers:

Page_4: 
u_\phi does indeed vary with \phi! Every axiom has a different value.

Page_5: 
The notion of an example is indeed stronger: that's the idea of selective confirmation.

The point in Page 5 is not whether statements involving more or less common concepts can or cannot be used as (counter)examples, but that we don't know how to estimate their probabilities! 
This also answers your first general question.

Second general question: 
the DBpedia dump used in the paper has not been closed deductively. That's why we find DBO axioms whose necessity is < 1.

REVIEWER_3

That ours is not a Philosophy paper is clearly witnessed by the fact that it does not make any philosophical claim.
Arguments from Philosophy in Section 3 are just used to motivate and justify the proposed heuristics, which is our real contribution.
As for the allegation that Popper's idea of falsification has been discredited, neither Lakatos nor Kuhn have ever rejected it; at most, they have clarified and fine-tuned it.
Pretending that according to Popper a counterexample is enough to reject a theory is caricatural. Popper never stated anything like that and was well aware that a putative falsifier may be rejected. Neither does our heuristics rely on such caricatural account: it does not declare an axiom impossible just because of one counterexample; we have the notion of selective confirmation; finally, possibility and necessity are matters of degree (which agrees with the idea of having a critical mass).
Since ours is not a paper on Philosophy of Science, a critical discussion of Popper's precursors and successors would be completely off-topic and useless.
Even if you don't like it, the alleged "terminological mess" of possibility theory dates from the 70s and has gained a solid scientific acceptance through an impressive number of peer-reviewed publications.

"What are the facts?" Of course, :Brain is an individual. When we say it contradicts subClassOf(dbo:Brain dbo:AnatomicalStructure), it is because there is a fact ":Brain a dbo:Brain" and another fact ":Brain a :C" where :C does not share any instance with dbo:AnatomicalStructure.
